*Uralic fonts for Windows*

The Uralic fonts for Windows contain additional letters used in most
Uralic languages with Russian-based writing systems - Khanty (all
dialects), Komi, Mansi (without marking long vowels), Mari, Nenets,
Selkup and Udmurt. According to Musayev*),  the fonts also
support Altai, Chukchi, Even, Evenki, Koryak and Nanai.

    * Bookman Uralic <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/BookmanUralic.zip>
      (regular, bold, italic)
    * Chancery Uralic
      <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/ChanceryUralic.zip> - Decorative
      calligraphic font
    * Gothic Uralic <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/GothicUralic.zip>
      (regular, bold) - Futura-like sans serif
    * Mono Uralic <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/MonoUralic.zip>
      (regular) - Courier-like fixed width font
    * Palladio Uralic
      <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/PalladioUralic.zip> (regular,
      bold, italic) - Palatino-like typeface
    * Roman Uralic <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/RomanUralic.zip>
      (regular, bold, italic) - Times-like typeface
    * Sans Uralic <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/SansUralic.zip>
      (regular, bold, italic, bold italic) - Helvetica-like sans serif
      typeface
    * Sans Condensed Uralic
      <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/SansCondUralic.zip> (regular,
      bold) - Narrow version of Sans Uralic
    * Schoolbook Uralic
      <http://www.peoples.org.ru/font/SchoolbookUralic.zip> (regular,
      bold, italic)

Additional letters

The encoding of the fonts is based on the model of the Cyrillic Asian
encoding. The Russian alphabet occupies the place of
the Latin-1 supplement in the Western (Windows CP 1252) encoding and its
own Unicode positions in the Cyrillic (CP 1251) encoding. Additional
Uralic letters can be found in three places - instead of additional
characters in the Western encoding, instead of additional characters in
the Cyrillic encoding and in their own Unicode positions (with the
exceptions of those letters that are not found in this standard).
Existing Mari and Udmurt fonts were taken into consideration while
distributing positions, but incorporating their encodings did not prove
possible. Eventually, Udmurt fonts were used as the starting point. See
the test page for details.

The original fonts were created by URW++, the Cyrillic part by Valek
Filippov, and were modified by Esa Anttikoski. These fonts can be
distributed and modified freely in accordance with the GNU General
Public License.

We take no responsability for any possible damage that might occure
while installing and using the fonts. Send your comments and suggestions
to Esa.Anttikoski@joensuu.fi <Esa.Anttikoski@joensuu.fi>


------------------------------------------------------------------------
*) Musaev K.M. Jazyki i pis'mennosti narodov Evrazii (regiona byvshego
SSSR). Almaty:ylym, 1993.

